Adds SCTP subchapter to Telco-features-configuration section (#1134)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/product/atip-features.adoc

Unlike UDP and TCP, the protocol supports multihoming and redundant paths to increase resilience and reliability.

SCTP is standardized by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) in RFC 9260. The SCTP reference implementation was released as part of FreeBSD version 7
and has since been widely ported to other platforms.
____

In 3GPP 4G (LTE) specifications, SCTP (Stream Control Transmission Protocol) acts as the foundational Layer 4 transport for control-plane signaling messages
across the Evolved Packet Core (EPC), including the signaling connection with the Radio Access Network (RAN) domain. 3GPP 5G specifications have instead removed
the need for SCTP inside the Core Network (through the introduction of the Service Based Architecture (SBA) which replaces all the Diameter-over-SCTP based
signalling interfaces by HTTP/2) but it is still required inside the 5G RAN domain (across the network elements making up a "disaggregated" gNodeB instance
and in the Xn-C interface connecting gNodeB instances for signaling purposes) and as the transport layer in the N2 (aka NG-C) reference point used to connect

> gNodeB control plane instances (RAN domain) with AMF instances (Core Nework domain).

Reviewer: This is indeed a really long sentence. Would you mind breaking this into smaller sentences? Following is my suggestion. Please feel free to edit. 

```suggestion
across the Evolved Packet Core (EPC), including the signaling connection with the Radio Access Network (RAN) domain. 3GPP 5G specifications have instead removed the need for SCTP inside the Core Network (through the introduction of the Service Based Architecture (SBA) which replaces all the Diameter-over-SCTP based signalling interfaces by HTTP/2). However, it is still required for the following reasons: 
* Inside the 5G RAN domain across the network elements making up a "disaggregated" gNodeB instance.
* In the Xn-C interface connecting gNodeB instances for signaling purposes. 
* As the transport layer in the N2 (aka NG-C) reference point used to connect gNodeB control plane instances (RAN domain) with AMF instances (Core Nework domain).
```

> It is then required to enable the `sctp` linuk kernel module (`lksctp`) in downstream clusters' nodes hosting SCTP-capable Telco workloads leveraging it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must then enable the `sctp` Linux kernel module (`lksctp`) on downstream cluster nodes hosting the SCTP-capable Telco workloads that leverage it: 
```

> * To manually load the `sctp` kernel module in a linux node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To manually load the `sctp` kernel module on a linux node:
```

[,shell]
----
$ sudo modprobe sctp
----

* To automate the loading of the `sctp` kernel module at each node boot, create a file named `sctp.conf` in `/etc/modules-load.d/` directory which simply contains
 the string `sctp` (i.e., the name of the kernel module that https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/modules-load.d.html[systemd-modules-load.service]
 will load at boot).

[,shell]
----
$ echo "sctp" > /etc/modules-load.d/sctp.conf
$ reboot
----

The easiest and best way to assure to load the `sctp` kernel module at each node boot is to add that `/etc/modules-load.d/sctp.conf` file to the

> Edge Image Builder (EIB) built raw image used to provision downstream nodes; see the xref:../quickstart/eib.adoc#adding-operating-system-files[EIB documentation] for more information on how to do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest and best way to ensure the `sctp` kernel module loads at every node boot is to add that `/etc/modules-load.d/sctp.conf` file to the Edge Image Builder (EIB) built raw image used to provision downstream nodes; see the xref:../quickstart/eib.adoc#adding-operating-system-files[EIB documentation] for more information on how to do it.
```

Originally intended for Signaling System 7 (SS7) message transport in telecommunication, the protocol provides the message-oriented feature of the
User Datagram Protocol (UDP) while ensuring reliable, in-sequence transport of messages with congestion control like the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP).
Unlike UDP and TCP, the protocol supports multihoming and redundant paths to increase resilience and reliability.

SCTP is standardized by the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) in RFC 9260. The SCTP reference implementation was released as part of FreeBSD version 7
and has since been widely ported to other platforms.
____

In 3GPP 4G (LTE) specifications, SCTP (Stream Control Transmission Protocol) acts as the foundational Layer 4 transport for control-plane signaling messages
across the Evolved Packet Core (EPC), including the signaling connection with the Radio Access Network (RAN) domain. 3GPP 5G specifications have instead removed
the need for SCTP inside the Core Network through the introduction of the Service Based Architecture (SBA) which replaces all the Diameter-over-SCTP based

> signalling interfaces by HTTP/2. However it is still required inside the 5G RAN domain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signalling interfaces by HTTP/2. However, it is still required inside the 5G RAN domain:
```
